fix(expo-offline-support): Add `Handling network errors` section (#1806)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/expo/offline-support.mdx

  }
  ```
</Steps>

> ## Handling network errors

Reviewer: There is already an [error handling](https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/error-handling) section. Any reason this is not included in that doc?

Author: Hmm, this is specific to network errors. 
Until now, in non-standard browsers we used to mute these errors and Expo users could not handle them. Using this new experimental property prevents the muting and throws these network errors, so that the developers can handle them. So, it's somewhat specific to this feature.

Reviewer: Got it. I see there is a mention of this above. When I reviewed I just looked at the PR and not the whole page. Maybe this information should be added to the 'How to handle network errors' section. I can definitely see some developers missing the line in the first section.

> To handle network errors in your Expo app, you can use the `isClerkRuntimeError` function alongside the `code` property to identify the specific error. Here's an example of how you can handle network errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle network errors in your Expo app, you can use the `isClerkRuntimeError` function and check the `code` property to identify the specific error. Here's an example of how you can handle network errors:
```

Reviewer: Why is this showing a `network_error` error when its for offline support? This seems counter intuitive.

Author: Clerk custom flows should throw errors if there is no internet connection, e.g. `signIn.create()`. This error was muted until now and developers could not handle these.

Reviewer: Please see the above about adding context to this section.

```tsx {{ mark: [1, [24, 26]] }}
import { isClerkRuntimeError } from '@clerk/clerk-js'
import { useSignIn } from '@clerk/clerk-expo'
import { Link, useRouter } from 'expo-router'
import { Text, TextInput, Button, View } from 'react-native'
import React from 'react'

export default function SignInPage() {
  const { signIn, setActive, isLoaded } = useSignIn()
  const router = useRouter()

  const [emailAddress, setEmailAddress] = React.useState('')
  const [password, setPassword] = React.useState('')

  const onSignInPress = React.useCallback(async () => {
    if (!isLoaded) return
    try {
      const signInAttempt = await signIn.create({
        identifier: emailAddress,
        password,
      })

>       // more logic here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // logic to handle errors 
```

Author: We could remove this comment if it's confusing. 🤷

  }
  ```
</Steps>

## How to handle network errors

> To handle network errors in your Expo app, you can use the `isClerkRuntimeError()` function to check if the error is a Clerk-related error. Clerk-related errors are returned as an array of [`ClerkAPIError`](/docs/references/javascript/types/clerk-api-error) objects. These errors contain a `code` property that you can use to identify the specific error. See the following example.

Reviewer 2: I'm curious, what's the difference between isClerkRuntimeError and isClerkAPIResponseError
in our [error handling guide](https://clerk.com/docs/custom-flows/error-handling), we use `isClerkAPIResponseError`

Reviewer: @anagstef can confirm, but from a quick look at the code plus the name I think these are errors related to Clerk actually running in the app, versus Clerk interacting with the API. The network error would be runtime as its the app running but not being able to make a request to FAPI. `ClerkAPIError` would be an error returned from FAPI.

Reviewer 2: ahh makes sense! thank you for the explanation ❤️

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming!

```tsx {{ mark: [1, [23, 31]] }}

> import { isClerkRuntimeError } from '@clerk/clerk-js'

Reviewer 2: can we re-export this for the clerk-expo package? for example, for next.js, we export `isClerkAPIResponseError` from `clerk/nextjs/errors`

Reviewer: Seconded! Please do this.

Author: I will do that!

Author: Opened a PR here: https://github.com/clerk/javascript/pull/4815

It needs to be merged and then released!

Author: Merged! Needs to be released in the next SDK release!

Author: The package is released! We can merge this PR when it's ready!

## How to handle network errors

> Until now, in Expo we used to mute these errors and developers could not handle them. This new experimental property prevents the muting and throws these network errors, allowing you to catch and handle them in your custom flows.

Reviewer 2: This isn't necessary! We can remove this

Author: 🤔  I added this because @royanger said we should add this context, if I understood correctly. ref: https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/1806#discussion_r1887584952

Reviewer 2: I see! I think he meant adding the context about "Clerk custom flows should throw errors if there is no internet connection". Let me rewrite it and get back to you

Reviewer 2: take a look here - [aa9af7a](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/1806/commits/aa9af7a0f8570316bd70e6baee482d4d998e9252)
I think is the context Roy wanted to see added! and it makes sense, I like it :)

Author: Thanks! Looks really great!
